Definition
"ATP(4-) A nucleoside triphosphate(4-) obtained by global deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of ATP; major species present at pH 7.3."
"N(pros)-phosphonato-L-histidine residue An anionic amino-acid residue formed by loss of both protons from the phospho group of an N(pros)-phospho-L-histidine residue, the principal form present at pH 7.3."
"2'-deoxyadenosine 5'-monophosphate(2-) A 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 2'-deoxyadenosine 5'-monophosphate (dAMP)."
"2'-deoxyguanosine 5'-monophosphate(2-) A 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 2'-deoxyguanosine 5'-monophosphate (dGMP)."
"guanosine 5'-monophosphate(2-) A nucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of GMP."
"adenosine 5'-monophosphate(2-) A nucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of adenosine 5'-monophosphate (AMP)."
"deamido-NAD(2-) Dianion of deamido-NAD(+) arising from deprotonation of phosphate and carboxylic acid functions."
"1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-) A phosphatidylglycerol(1-) in which the phosphatidyl moiety has R-configuration and the glycerol moiety has S-configuration."
"1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine The conjugate base of a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine compound formed by deprotonation of the phosphate OH group."
"1,2-dihexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine A phosphatidylcholine 32:0 in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). A synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of pulmonary surfactants."
"L-alpha-amino acid residue An alpha-amino-acid residue derived from an L-alpha-amino acid."
"very long-chain fatty acid anion Any fatty acid anion with a chain length greater than C22."
"4-methylumbelliferone sulfate(1-) An organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 4-methylumbelliferone sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3."
"5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl beta-D-glucuronide(1-) A beta-D-glucosiduronate that is the conjugate base of E3040 glucuronide, obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3."
"4-methylumbelliferone beta-D-glucuronide(1-) A beta-D-glucosiduronate resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 4-methylumbelliferone beta-D-glucuronide. The major species at pH 7.3."
"5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl sulfate(1-) An aryl sulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl hydrogen sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3."
"17beta-estradiol 17-glucosiduronate A monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 17beta-estradiol 17-glucosiduronic acid."
"(6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolate(2-) Dianion of (6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid functions."
"ADP(3-) A nucleoside 5'-diphosphate(3-) arising from deprotonation of all three diphosphate OH groups of adenosine 5'-diphosphate (ADP); major species present at pH 7.3."
"hydron The general name for the hydrogen nucleus, to be used without regard to the hydrogen nuclear mass (either for hydrogen in its natural abundance or where it is not desired to distinguish between the isotopes)."
"agmatinium(2+) The dication resulting from deprotonation of the amino and guanidino groups of agmatine; major species at pH 7.3."
"arsenite(1-) An arsenite ion resulting from the removal of a proton from one of the hydroxy groups of arsenous acid."
"diphosphate(3-) A trivalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of all three protons from diphosphoric acid."
"L-ascorbate The L-enantiomer of ascorbate and conjugate base of L-ascorbic acid, arising from selective deprotonation of the 3-hydroxy group. Required for a range of essential metabolic reactions in all animals and plants."
"long-chain fatty acid anion A fatty acid anion with a chain length of C13 to C22."
"pristanate A methyl-branched fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of pristanic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3."
"all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-icosapentaenoate An icosapentaenoate that is the conjugate base of all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-icosapentaenoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group."
"(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoate A polyunsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-argininium(1+) The L-enantiomer of argininium(1+)."
"cholesteryl oleate The (Z)-stereoisomer of  cholesteryl octadec-9-enoate."
"triolein A triglyceride formed by esterification of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with oleic acid. Triolein is one of the two components of Lorenzo's oil."
"cholesteryl linoleate The (9Z,12Z)-stereoisomer of cholesteryl octadeca-9,12-dienoate."
"N-hexadecanoylsphingosine 1-phosphate(2-) A N-acylsphingosine 1-phosphate(2-) in which the N-acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl)."
"N-oleoylsphingosine 1-phosphate(2-) An N-acylsphingosine 1-phosphate(2-) in which the N-acyl group is specified as oleoyl; major species at pH 7.3."
"glycerol A triol with a structure of propane substituted at positions 1, 2 and 3 by hydroxy groups."
"(R)-miconazole A 1-[2-(2,4-dichlorobenzyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]imidazole that has R configuration."
"3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine(1-) A singly-charged anionic phospholipid that is the conjugate base of 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine, in which the carboxy and phosphate groups are anionic and the amino group is cationic; major species at pH 7.3."
"1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion An optically active phosphatidylethanolamine zwitterion having R-configuration"
"(R)-carnitine The (R)-enantiomer of carnitine."
"copper(2+) An ion of copper carrying a double positive charge."
"1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol(1-) The conjugate base of a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol; major species at pH 7.3."
"cadaverine(2+) An alkane-alpha,omega-diammonium(2+) ion that is the doubly-charged ammonium ion, arising from protonation of both nitrogens of cadaverine. The major species at pH 7.3."
"citrate(3-) A tricarboxylic acid trianion, obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups of citric acid."
"sphingomyelin Any of a class of phospholipids in which the amino group of a sphingoid base is in amide linkage with one of several fatty acids, while the terminal hydroxy group of the sphingoid base is esterified to phosphorylcholine."
"sphingomyelin d18:1 Any sphingomyelin having sphingosine as the sphingoid component."
"abscisates A monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxy group of any member of the class of abscisic acids."
"C-terminal proteinogenic amino-acid residue(1-) An alpha-amino-acid residue anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group of any C-terminal proteinogenic amino acid."
"1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate(3-) The trianion of a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate; major species at pH 7.3."
"dipeptide zwitterion Any peptide zwitterion comprising two amino acid residues. Major structure at pH 7.3."
"1-(sn-glycero-3-O-phosphonato)-1D-myo-inositol An inositol phosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group of 1-(sn-glycero-3-phospho)-1D-myo-inositol; major species at pH 7.3."
"choline alfoscerate A member of the class of phosphocholines that is the choline ester of sn-glycero-3-phosphate. It is one of the major osmolyte in the renal medullary cells."
"acyl-CoA(4-) An acyl-CoA oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups of any acyl-CoA; major species at pH 7.3."
"N-hexadecanoylsphingosine A N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl)."
"N-acyl-beta-D-galactosylsphingosine An N-acyl-D-galactosylsphingosine in which the anomeric configuration of the galactosyl residue is beta; sphingosine substituted at the O-1 position by a beta-D-galactosyl group and at the N-2 position by an acyl group."
"ubiquinones Any benzoquinone derived from 2,3-dimethoxy-5-methylbenzoquinone; one of a group of naturally occurring homologues. The redox-active quinoid moiety usually carries a polyprenoid side chain at position 6, the number of isoprenoid units in which is species-specific. Ubiquinones are involved in the control of mitochondrial electron transport, and are also potent anti-oxidants."
"L-tyrosine zwitterion An amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-tyrosine; major species at pH 7.3."
"beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine A D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine in which the glucosyl head group has beta-configuration at the anomeric centre."
"butyrate A short-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of butyric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group."
"oleate A C18, long straight-chain monounsaturated fatty acid anion; and the conjugate base of oleic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group."
"linoleate An octadecadienoate with cis- double bonds at the 9- and 12- positions; the conjugate base of linoleic acid."
"tetradecanoate A long-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of myristic acid; major species at pH 7.3."
"hexadecanoate A long-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of hexadecanoic acid (palmitic acid); major species at pH 7.3."
"tetracosanoate A straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of tetracosanoic acid (lignoceric acid), formed by deprotonation of the carboxy group."
"1,4-benzoquinones Any member of the class of benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone or its C-substituted derivatives."
"5-methyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydromethanopterin(3-) Trianion of 5-methyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydromethanopterin arising from deprotonation of carboxy and phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3."
"plastoquinone A polyprenylbenzoquinone that is 2,3-dimethylbenzoquinone with a polyprenyl side chain at position 5. There are several naturally-occurring plastoquinones with side chains of different length (containing between 6 and 9 isoprene units)."
"1-(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z-docosahexaenoyl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine A lysophosphatidylcholine 22:6 in which the remaining acyl group is (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoyl."
"1-O-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine An oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the acyl group at position 1 is (9Z)-octadecenoyl (oleoyl) and the hydroxy group at position 2 is unsubstituted."
"1-hexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine A lysophosphatidylcholine 16:0 in which a hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) group is attached to the glycero moiety at position 1."
"1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion A zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the amino to the phosphate group of a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine."
"guanosine A purine nucleoside in which guanine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond."
"S-substituted glutathione(1-) A peptide anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups and concomitant protonation of the amino group of any S-substituted glutathione. Major structure at pH 7.3"
"riboflavin(1-) An organic anion that is the conjugate base of riboflavin resulting from the removal of a proton from the nitrogen at position 3 (between the two carbonyl groups). Major microspecies at pH 7.3."
"D-fructofuranose A fructofuranose that has D configuration."
"7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione An oxopurine in which the purine ring is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2, 6, and 8."
"(S)-methylmalonyl-CoA(5-) Pentaanion of (S)-methylmalonyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate, diphosphate and carboxylic acid functions."
"D-mannopyranose D-Mannose in its six-membered ring form."
"folate(2-) The dicarboxylic acid dianion formed from folic acid by loss of a proton from each of the two carboxy groups in the glutamic acid moiety."
"D-glucopyranose A glucopyranose having D-configuration."
"L-dehydroascorbate An organic anion and the conjugate base of L-dehydroascorbic acid, arising from deprotonation of the acidic C2-position."
"maltose A glycosylglucose consisting of two D-glucopyranose units connected by an alpha-(1->4)-linkage."
"chloride A halide anion formed when chlorine picks up an electron to form an an anion."
"taurine zwitterion The zwitterion formed from taurine by transfer of a proton from the sulfonyl to the amino group.  It is the major species existing at physiological pH."
"L-aspartate(1-) An aspartate(1-) that is the  conjugate base of L-aspartic acid."
"L-glutamate(1-) An alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of L-glutamic acid, having anionic carboxy groups and a cationic amino group"
"myo-inositol An inositol having myo- configuration."
"2'-3'-cGAMP(2-) An organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 2'-3'-cGAMP; major species at pH 7.3."
"potassium(1+) A monoatomic monocation obtained from potassium."
"cholesterol A cholestanoid consisting of cholestane having a double bond at the 5,6-position as well as a 3beta-hydroxy group."
"D-alanine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of D-alanine."
"D-serine zwitterion A serine zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of D-serine."
"glycine zwitterion An amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of glycine."
"beta-alanine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of beta-alanine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3."
"D-cycloserine(1+) An organic cation that is the conjugate acid of D-cycloserine, obtained by protonation of the amino group."
"2-(alpha-D-mannosyl)-D-glycerate Conjugate base of 2-(alpha-D-mannosyl)-D-glyceric acid"
"cholesteryl ester A sterol ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of any carboxylic acid with the 3-hydroxy group of cholesterol."
"triacyl-sn-glycerol Any optically active triglyceride that has R-configuration."
"cellobiose A glycosylglucose consisting of two glucose units linked via a beta(1->4) bond."
"galactitol An optically inactive hexitol having meso-configuration."
"lactose A glycosylglucose disaccharide, found most notably in milk, that consists of D-galactose and D-glucose fragments bonded through a beta-1->4 glycosidic linkage. The glucose fragment can be in either the alpha- or beta-pyranose form, whereas the galactose fragment can only have the beta-pyranose form."
"D-mannitol The D-enantiomer of mannitol."
"(S)-miconazole A 1-[2-(2,4-dichlorobenzyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]imidazole that has S) configuration."
"gamma-aminobutyric acid zwitterion Zwitterionic form of gamma-aminobutyric acid having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated amino group."
"quaternary ammonium ion A derivative of ammonium, NH4(+), in which all four of the hydrogens bonded to nitrogen have been replaced with univalent (usually organyl) groups."
"3',5'-cyclic GMP(1-) The conjugate base of guanosine 3',5'-cyclic phosphate arising from deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3."
"3',5'-cyclic AMP(1-) An organophosphate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 3',5'-cyclic AMP arising from deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3."
"cardiolipin(2-) The organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion formed from the phosphatidylglycerol cardiolipin by loss of an electron from each of the phospho groups."
"1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate(2-) The conjugate base of a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate compound."
"1-hexadecanoyl-2-(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z-icosatetraenoyl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion A phosphatidylethanolamine 36:4 zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the phosphate to the amino group of 1-hexadecanoyl-2-(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z-eicosatetraenoyl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine."
"N-hexadecanoylsphingosine-1-phosphocholine A sphingomyelin 34:1 in which the N-acyl group and sphingoid base are specified as hexadecanoyl and sphingosine respectively."
"S-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)glutathione(1-) An S-substituted glutathione(1-) obtained by deprotonation of the the two carboxy groups and protonation of the glutamyl amino group of S-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)glutathione. Major microspecies at pH 7.3."
"sphingosine 1-phosphate(1-) The conjugate base of sphingosine 1-phosphate having an anionic phosphate group and a protonated amino group; major species at pH 7.3."
"sphinganine 1-phosphate(1-) The anion resulting from the addition of a proton to the amino group and the removal of the two acidic protons from the phosphate group of sphinganine 1-phosphate."
"L-proline zwitterion The zwitterion formed from L-proline by proton transfer from the carboxy group to the ring nitrogen. It is the predominant species at physiological pH."
"L-ornithinium(1+) A polar amino acid zwitterion of L-ornithine."
"D-glucitol The D-enantiomer of glucitol (also known as D-sorbitol)."
"fructosyllysine(1+) An amino-acid cation comprising fructosyllysine having a deprotonated carboxy group and both amino groups protonated; major species at pH 7.3."
"psicosyllysine(1+) An amino-acid cation comprising psicosyllysine having a deprotonated carboxy group and both amino groups protonated; major species at pH 7.3."
"trans-4-carboxybut-2-enoyl-CoA(5-) Pentaanion of trans-4-carboxybut-2-enoyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate, diphosphate and carboxylic acid functions."
"sodium(1+) A monoatomic monocation obtained from sodium."
"cytidine A pyrimidine nucleoside in which cytosine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(1)-glycosidic bond."
"tripeptide zwitterion A peptide zwitterion obtained from the tranfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of any tripeptide. It contains an equal number of positively-charged and negatively-charged functional groups. Major structure at pH 7.3."
"glycylsarcosine zwitterion A dipeptide zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino terminus of glycylsarcosine. Major microspecies at pH 7.3."
"Gly-Pro zwitterion A peptide zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino terminus of Gly-Pro."
"Gly-Gly-Ile zwitterion A tripeptide zwitterion resulting from the transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of Gly-Gly-Ile. Major microspecies at pH 7.3."
"Gly-Gly-Pro zwitterion A tripeptide zwitterion resulting from the transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of Gly-Gly-Pro. Major microspecies at pH 7.3."
"carnosine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of carnosine."
"(2R,4S)-ketoconazole A cis-1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine which dioxolane moiety has (2R,4S)-configuration."
"(2S,4R)-ketoconazole A cis-1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine which dioxolane moiety has (2S,4R)-configuration."
"ammonium An onium cation obtained by protonation of ammonia."
"D-arabinopyranose D-Arabinose in its pyranose form."
"melibiose A glycosylglucose formed by an alpha-(1->6)-linkage between D-galactose and D-glucose."
"L-serine zwitterion A serine zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-serine."
"L-threonine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of L-threonine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-alanine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of L-alanine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-glutamine zwitterion An amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-glutamine; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-isoleucine zwitterion An L-alpha-amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-isoleucine; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-leucine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of L-leucine."
"L-methionine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of L-methionine having a anionic carboxy group and a cationic amino group; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-phenylalanine zwitterion An amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-phenylalanine; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-tryptophan zwitterion An L-alpha-amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-tryptophan; major species at pH 7.3."
"L-valine zwitterion An L-alpha-amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-valine; major species at pH 7.3."
"fatty acid anion The conjugate base of a fatty acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group of the corresponding fatty acid."
"adenosine A ribonucleoside composed of a molecule of adenine attached to a ribofuranose moiety via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond."
"D-galactopyranose A galactopyranose having D-configuration."
"inosine A purine nucleoside in which hypoxanthine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond."
"4-hydroxy-L-proline zwitterion The amino acid zwitterion formed from 4-hydroxy-L-proline. It is the major microspecies present at pH 7.3."
"D-proline zwitterion A D-alpha-amino acid zwitterion that is D-proline in which a proton has been transferred from the carboxy group to the amino group. It is the major species at pH 7.3."
"hydrogencarbonate The carbon oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from carbonic acid."
"prostaglandin D2(1-) A prostaglandin carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of prostaglandin D2., obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3."
"prostaglandin E1(1-) Conjugate base of prostaglandin E1."
"prostaglandin E2(1-) The conjugate base of prostaglandin E2; major species at pH 7.3."
"prostaglandin F2alpha(1-) A prostaglandin carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of prostaglandin F2alpha, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3."
"thromboxane B2(1-) A thromboxane anion that is the conjugate base of thromboxane B2, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3."
"oleoyl-CoA(4-) An octadecenoyl-CoA(4-) arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate functions of oleoyl-CoA."
"plastoquinol A prenyl- or polyprenyl-hydroquinone that results from the reduction of a plastoquinone to the corresponding hydroquinone."
"D-xylopyranose D-Xylose in its pyranose form."
"c-GMP-AMP(2-) An organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of c-GMP-AMP; major species at pH 7.3."
"alpha,alpha-trehalose A trehalose in which both glucose residues have alpha-configuration at the anomeric carbon."
"nitrate A nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from nitric acid. Principal species present at pH 7.3."
"manganese(2+) A divalent metal cation in which the metal is manganese."
"2-ammonio-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose An ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose."
"spermidine(3+) An ammonium ion that is the trication of spermidine, formed by protonation at all three nitrogens."
"L-asparagine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of L-asparagine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3."
"thiocyanate A pseudohalide anion obtained by deprotonation of the thiol group of thiocyanic acid."
"carbon dioxide A one-carbon compound with formula CO2 in which the carbon is attached to each oxygen atom by a double bond. A colourless, odourless gas under normal conditions, it is produced during respiration by all animals, fungi and microorganisms that depend directly or indirectly on living or decaying plants for food."
"methylammonium The conjugate acid of methylamine; major species at pH 7.3."
"(S)-malate(2-) An optically active form of malate having (S)-configuration."
"cis-aconitate(3-) An aconitate(3-) that is the conjugate base of cis-aconitic acid."
"urea A carbonyl group with two C-bound amine groups. The commercially available fertilizer has an analysis of 46-0-0 (N-P2O5-K2O)."
"malonate(2-) A dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy groups of malonic acid."
"hydrogenphosphate A phosphate ion that is the conjugate base of dihydrogenphosphate."
"thiamine(1+) diphosphate(3-) Dianion of thiamine(1+) diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three OH groups of the diphosphate."
"hypoxanthine A purine nucleobase that consists of purine bearing an oxo substituent at position 6."
"guanine A 2-aminopurine carrying a 6-oxo substituent."
"thymidine A pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having thymine as the nucleobase."
"uridine A ribonucleoside composed of a molecule of uracil attached to a ribofuranose moiety via a beta-N(1)-glycosidic bond."
"uracil A common and naturally occurring pyrimidine nucleobase in which the pyrimidine ring is substituted with two oxo groups at positions 2 and 4. Found in RNA, it base pairs with adenine and replaces thymine during DNA transcription."
"thymine A pyrimidine nucleobase that is uracil in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a methyl group."
"adenine The parent compound of the 6-aminopurines, composed of a purine having an amino group at C-6."
"cytosine An aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidin-2-one having the amino group located at position 4."
"9H-xanthine An oxopurine in which the purine ring is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 6 and N-9 is protonated."
"creatine zwitterion Zwitterionic form of creatine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the guanidino group; major species at pH 7.3."
